Camera in my hand for this,
Because I think that that's just
Gonna be more intimidating for
Her, so I'm gonna hand it off.
I assume she's coming from that
Way.
I feel weird.
Wait, wait, wait, guys.
This could be it.
She looks like a dallas cowboys
Cheerleader.
>> breaking news: As of a few
Days ago...
>> days.
>> the new merriam-webster
Dictionary, a definition has
Been added to the word
"catfish."
>> the first definition of
"catfish" is the fish.
>> will always be the fish.
>> we'll never beat the fish.
>> second definition of
"catfish": A person who sets up
A false, personal profile on a
Social networking site for
Fraudulent or deceptive
Purposes.
>> some people aim for emmys,
Some people aim for nobel
Prizes.
>> those fade.
Those statues rust.
>> this is power.
>> we are forever part of the
English language.
All right, we got an email here
From jeff.
"it's been a year, and I am no
Closer to the girl."
>> ♪ we found love
♪ in a stormy sky
♪ never needed no reason
>> "hey, nev and max,
My name is jeff, and I am 26,
Currently stationed in
Jacksonville, florida.
I'm an active navy sailor
For the past seven years.
It's been really hard to find
That special someone while in
The military, and I will admit
That I am a fairly shy guy."
>> ♪ like a tide to the shore
♪ I'm always back for more ♪
>> "I'm writing you for a little
Help.
I've been talking to a wonderful
Girl for almost a year, but
We've never met in person.
Her name is megan.
She's 25, a registered nurse.
She is a beautiful, blonde,
Blue-eyed girl."
>> aren't they all?
>> ♪ I'm lost in place ♪
♪ you and I
>> "I met her a year ago.
She friended me on accident on
Facebook, and we've been talking
Ever since."
That's weird.
An accidental friend?
"I have a big decision regarding
Whether to reenlist in the
Military soon and commit to
Another number of years of
Service.
I've talked to megan about
Leaving the military and moving
To texas to be closer to her.
I have never met megan or even
Video chatted with her.
Late last year, I went to texas
To see her and was stood up."
>> oh, boy.
Then move on.
>> ugh.
"I'm being dispatched
Overseas in a few months, and I
Want to know where I really
Stand with her now.
I only have one option:
You guys.
Can you help me meet megan?"
Sailor to nurse.
If we bring them together, I'm
Taking the photo of the sailor
With the, like--with the girl,
And then, like, come on.
All right, here we go.
>> hey.
>> good morning.
So, jeff, you're a sailor.
Do you spend most of your time
On a ship?
>> no.
I work on electronics on larger
Aircraft.
>> so start from the beginning.
Megan friend-requested you by
Accident.
Tell us about how that all
Happened.
>> I, like, randomly got a
Message on facebook saying,
"sorry, I added you by
Accident."
It honestly started up talking
About we had the same type of
Dog.
We both have a siberian husky.
And it turned into, "hey, here's
My phone number."
And it's escalated from there.
>> what does she look like?
>> she's pretty much like the
Typical cowboys cheerleader.
Fit, blonde.
>> she looks like a dallas
Cowboys cheerleader?
>> a little bit.
That's really not normally my
First pick in a girl either, but
The fact that talking to her
And the animal-loving part is
What really got me.
She's actually, like, a caring
Person, which is what I really
Like.
A lot of just little
Conversations here and there
Just led up to almost an every
Night phone call.
And then I sent her a
Valentine's day gift this year.
>> did she get it?
>> yes.
>> she has a picture with it?
>> she has a picture of it.
>> okay, well, that's something.
You have her address.
>> yes.
We planned out me going out
There to see her.
And I went out there, and she
Wasn't there.
I tried calling her, no answer.
And then finally I got a text
Saying, "oh, I went back home.
I have family issues."
I was just like, ugh.
For a while I wasn't really
Talking to her as much, because
I actually went overseas.
I got back, and so I tried
Dating a little bit here, and
Really didn't work out very well
Either.
>> where do you stand with her
Right now?
>> I don't want to say I'm in
Love with her, because I've
Never met her.
But I do have really strong
Feelings towards her.
That's why I kind of need your
Guys' help.
I'm not sure if it's ever gonna
Go any further.
>> hang tight.
We're gonna head your way and...
>> hopefully get you some
Answers, so you can figure out
What you're gonna do with your
Life.
>> sounds good to me.
>> see you soon.
>> later, jeff.
>> bye.
[sighs]
>> the good news is that she
Does sound kind, which I hope is
Not an act.
>> right.
>> she got the valentine...
>> that's true.
>> so she gave him her address.
>> that's a huge thing.
>> that's a big deal.
So they could have, like, a very
Real connection, even though it
Just sounds like her pictures
Could be totally fake.
Anchors aweigh.
Let's go to jacksonville.
If she turns out to be a
Catfish, this episode could be
The dallas buyers club.
>> ♪ so the earth
♪ would dry of song
♪ if I sang you one
♪ carry on
>> this guy jeff is thinking
About giving up his career and
Changing his life completely.
>> he went to texas...
>> he went for it.
>> and then she just stood him
Up.
>> he tried to move on.
>> but obviously he is not like
Mr. Social, so he inevitably
Just came back to her.
And that's something we've seen
A lot.
It's actually easier to stay in
These relationships than it is
To end them.
[knocks]
>> oh!
>> hey.
>> how you doing?
>> good.
[dog whimpers]
>> I hear a whimper.
Max?
>> it's not me.
>> what's her name?
>> sky.
>> good girl.
>> one drawback of the military
Is that you don't get to meet a
Lot of chicks.
>> I work a lot of hours, and
Then--
>> it's mostly dudes at your
Job?
>> there's a couple girls there
But not very many.
>> when you get some time off,
Do you go to bars, and do you
Try to meet girls?
>> being shy like I am, it's
Just like--it's really difficult
To do.
Relationships have been, like,
Kind of a little scary to me
Before.
My whole life, after I started
Talking to megan, just started
Getting better all around.
I've never heard her say
Anything mean about anyone.
Even when she says that she's
Had, like, a bad day, she
Doesn't say it was because of
Anyone.
She doesn't say anything hateful
At all, really.
>> have you ever asked her to
Video chat?
>> I honestly never asked her.
It was probably only a few
Months ago that I bought my
Webcam.
>> have you sent her some
Richard pics?
>> what's a richard pic?
>> has she seen your johnson?
>> yes.
>> is your face in the picture?
>> it should be.
>> no, it shouldn't be.
>> whoo, it just got warm in
Here.
>> has she ever sent you a
Picture of her naked with her
Face?
>> no.
>> that's another red flag.
>> so either she's smarter than
You...
>> military versus nurse.
I'm pretty sure she's smarter
Than me.
>> yeah.
All of our girlfriends are
Smarter than us.
It definitely does seem like
Something's up.
>> mm-hmm.
>> as much as I want this girl
To be your dream girl, and as
Much as I want you to end up
Together and your dogs to
Frolic and mate and make
Puppies, as much as I want that,
The reality is there's some
Things about this relationship
That don't feel totally kosher.
>> if, like, I find out
Somebody that was--she was
Lying to me, I would be a little
Betrayed about it.
I'm still gonna talk to her.
I'm still gonna, like, give it
Some go at a chance.
Perfect scenario: I would be
With her anywhere.
>> I'm really curious to see
What you've got as far as
Facebook page and text
Messaging.
>> yeah, we got to see the
Evidence.
>> where all the magic happens.
Here we go.
So, yeah.
Cute, blonde, nice teeth.
>> very nice teeth.
>> yeah, nice smile.
>> 456 pictures.
This is very positive.
>> she's gone through the
Trouble of filling out all of
These profile questions.
Oh, is that her dog?
>> yeah, that's zeus.
>> can you hear her in the husky
Videos?
>> yeah.
[dog barking]
>> aw.
>> see?
>> wow, here it is.
Look, the very beginning.
So June 4, 2013, she sent you
A message.
"I hit add by accident.
I'm sorry."
You said, "lol, it's okay, you
Don't need to apologize."
>> wow, that's the beginning
Of the relationship.
>> yeah, that's amazing.
The big question now is, are you
Ready and are you even available
Right now if we come back here
Tomorrow morning and say, like,
We got her, to get on an
Airplane and go and meet her?
>> I can't.
>> you can't?
So we would have to bring her
Here, because you're busy with
The military.
>> yes.
>> all right, well, that's
Interesting.
We've never done that.
>> and if she's at all reluctant
About showing herself--it is a
Harder thing to do.
>> so we'll just have to wait
And see.
All right, well, we've got
Our marching orders.
All right, we'll see you later,
Man.
>> okay.
>> later, jeff.
>> I think this guy is afraid to
Admit just how into this girl he
Is.
>> ♪ can you see me
♪ count to three?
♪ no, I won't play ♪
♪ your hide-and-seek
>> if she doesn't turn out to be
The person he thought she was,
Then I think he's really gonna
Be devastated.
>> he's basically putting all of
His eggs in this megan basket.
>> get away from me.
Stop looking for excuses to
Touch me.
>> we finish each other's
Sentences.
It's so adorable.
>> I'm filing with h.R.
>> so look, jeff met megan...
>> both: A year ago.
>> looked like they were moving
Towards a relationship.
>> then he went to visit her.
>> in fort worth, texas.
Nothing.
Texts, calls, no response.
Then finally she says, "oh, my
God, I had a family emergency.
So sorry."
He knows there's something a
Little fishy here.
>> right.
>> well, here's what we've got.
Megan's phone number, her
Birthday: May 3rd.
We've got the address that he
Sent those flowers to.
Here's megan's facebook profile.
Most of her posts don't have
More than one or two comments,
Most of which are jeff.
Memes, art, and huskies.
It looks like her profile's
Pretty buttoned up.
All right, I am image searching.
And...
>> oh, man.
>> image number two.
>> nothing.
Oh!
>> should we run a phone number?
>> let's run the phone number.
>> all right, here's her number.
We're searching it.
>> all right.
Yeah, we got one!
>> oh, boy.
Interesting.
>> brandy [bleep].
>> so this is brandy from fort
Worth, texas, who is registered
To the phone number he had for
Megan.
>> look, look, look.
The same address.
Exactly where the flowers went.
>> let's look up brandy [bleep]
On facebook.
>> look, texas.
The first one.
And what do we got?
[both gasp]
>> all the same memes.
And even more interestingly,
She's part of the group
Malamutes & huskies.
Megan is a member of that page.
>> oh, look, that's her
Birthday.
>> the same birthday as megan.
>> may 3rd.
Wow, so this could be the
Same girl.
>> but we don't know what she
Looks like.
There's privacy settings.
From what we can see, there's a
Girl named brandy who so far
Matches a lot of the details--
>> her birthday's may 3rd, which
Is exactly when megan's birthday
Is.
She loves dogs.
The phone number for megan links
Us to brandy [bleep].
>> I think we got her, dude.
>> we got her.
>> let's go tell jeff what we
Found.
And if we're gonna get this
Girl, we got to start the wheels
Moving now.
[knocks on door]
Hey, man.
>> how's it going?
>> all right.
Let's get down to business here.
First thing we did was we ran
The phone number.
And this was really interesting.
It came up with a name brandy
[bleep], also from texas, and
There's even an address--
The same address that you sent
Those flowers to.
When we searched brandy on
Facebook, we found a profile for
Someone who clearly lives in
Texas with the name brandy
[bleep], so we thought, okay,
Let's look into this.
So we go to the profile, and
Unfortunately it's buttoned up.
All we can see are banner
Photos.
So we started going through
Those.
This is where we had sort of
Like an "aha" moment, because I
Don't know if you recognize, but
A bunch of the images on here
Are the same as the ones on
Megan's profile.
Now, the internet's full of
These things, so you could say,
Oh, well, lots of people post
And share.
>> mm-hmm.
>> but I think there's starting
To be an interesting parallel
Here between megan and brandy
[bleep], who's got the same
Memes on her page.
By the way, she's a member of a
Group: Malamutes & huskies.
That is the one thing, if
Nothing else, that she's
Constantly talking about, are
Her huskies.
It's starting to add up and look
Like more than a couple
Coincidences.
>> what do you make of this
Page?
>> mm, this might be the actual
Person I'm talking to.
>> which means if the girl
You're talking to is not only
Not the girl in the photos...
>> both: Her name...
>> is also not megan.
>> ♪ don't take your time ♪
♪ coming back home
♪ we'll fall asleep ♪
♪ by the static tv
♪ don't take your time ♪
>> I'm pretty much lost, and,
Like, none of it's been true.
It's horrible.
Why would you just use somebody?
>> ♪ for I would wait
>> the only thing we know for
Sure is that there's somebody on
The other end of that phone that
You talk to, who shared your
Passion for a lot of things and,
More importantly, was this super
Nice, kind, caring person.
There's no way to know what's
Real and what's fake at this
Point.
We can take a real, actual step
Towards figuring this out.
It's usually a phone call that I
Make on your behalf.
>> I kind of want all the
Questions answered.
>> I'm gonna go call this girl,
And we'll see what happens.
Okay, here we go.
[phone line ringing]
>> yes, hello, is this megan?
>> hi, I am a friend of jeff,
Who you know.
Uh, and you may even know me.
My name is nev, and I make a
Show on mtv called catfish.
We've been here in jacksonville,
Florida, for the past couple
Days with jeff, and he feels
Like he might need some help,
Because you haven't been so
Available to meet up with him.
>> you know that she lied.
>> even if it's gonna work out,
It's gonna have to start from
Pretty much at day one.
It's a completely different
Person.
>> we did end up discovering
That your name is not megan.
It's actually brandy.
[phone beeps]
[phone line rings]
>> you have reached the
Voice mail box of 817--
>> hey, brandy, it's nev.
Uh, I'm not sure if we got cut
Off or if you hung up, but I
Would love to talk to you a
Little bit more.
Give me a call back.
You've got my number.
Thanks.
Gentlemen.
>> what's going on?
>> it didn't go great.
She said, well, I don't think
This is the right situation to
Meet him.
And then she hung up.
It's not a good sign.
I have a feeling she's obviously
Freaked out.
This is an unusual situation,
Because we need her to come to
Us, because we can't take you to
Texas.
>> what do you want to do now?
>> the next step is I'd like to
Try and get you guys to finally
Meet each other.
What could be a good move here,
And we've never done this, is I
Could stay here with you.
We could try to get in touch
With her, hopefully get her to
Agree to meet us.
Max could go to texas...
And convince her to come.
That way we know at least we've
Got a man on the ground in
Texas.
Max, you cool to go out on your
Own?
>> it's never just been me solo.
I don't know if I can do this
Alone.
>> I mean, I think that's
Probably our best way to get the
Results we want.
>> yeah, man.
Look, I will rise to the
Occasion.
>> this is gonna get
Interesting.
>> good luck out there.
>> thank you, sir.
>> failure is not an option.
>> all right, something
Different and new and crazy.
I like it.
Take care, jeff.
>> bye.
>> later.
>> see you in a few days.
>> look, she loves military men.
We're gonna treat this like a
Military operation.
>> that's right.
I've been waiting three seasons
For this moment.
This is my moment to show that I
Can do this all by myself.
I'm probably gonna be driving.
>> so let's get you to the
Airport.
>> good-bye, crew.
>> I feel like we're taking max
To school for his first day.
All right, departing flights.
Don't let this girl push you
Around.
>> just hope I don't scare her
Away.
>> good luck, my friend.
>> ♪ I'm gonna fly, fly ♪
♪ fly so free
♪ then I'm gonna fly ♪
♪ gonna fly, fly
>> here we are in dallas.
I'm a little afraid of just
Knocking on a random person's
Door who hung up on my cohost.
It does not bode well for me.
>> okay, so for the first time
Ever on catfish, me and max are
Separated.
I sent max to texas to retrieve
A catfish.
>> I know what I need to do.
I've got her address.
I am going to just start heading
Over to her house and see what
Happens.
>> so team nev is going to head
Over to jeff's place, and we
Could try to get in touch with
Brandy.
That sort of doubles our chances
Of success.
>> hard to get used to this.
It's kind of a lonely ride.
>> [sighs]
>> and getting in the door with
Brandy is probably going to be
The toughest part.
It is still a possibility that
This is just a game to her.
>> hey, what's up?
>> I have not heard from max
Yet.
[phone rings]
Oh, it's megan.
Dude.
Hello?
>> yeah, hi.
>> oh, great.
Thank you.
>> yesterday after we spoke,
I wasn't sure if you were gonna
Call me back.
In an effort to reach you, max
Actually last night flew to
Texas.
He's there now.
He's in dallas/fort worth,
Because we thought maybe...
Yeah.
We thought that it might be nice
To have a chance to sit down
With max and talk to him about
All this.
>> all right, this is it.
This is where the flowers went.
Catfish time.
>> you can call him when you'd
Like.
He's ready to meet you.
We'll hopefully hear from you
Later.
[phone beeps]
>> or she could hang up.
>> now we're really getting into
The catfish creepy mode.
>> do you still care?
I mean--
>> yeah, I still care.
She knows a lot of things about
Me, and I'd like to think I know
A lot about her, but I can't be
Sure.
I mean, I could have been
Telling her everything about me
My whole life, and all I've been
Getting is a story or something.
[cell phone rings]
>> oh, hold on.
Oh, boy.
It's a texas phone number.
Hello?
>> oh, hey, megan.
I'm kind of just hanging out on
The perimeter of the housing
Complex that--that you live in.
I was wondering if maybe you'd
Be open to just talking to me
For a little bit.
>> I can understand how crazy
This must be for you.
I'm ready to go at your own
Speed, if you're interested.
I've just spent a few days with
Jeff.
He's a really sweet guy,
Really nice, and--
No, he is not with me.
He's in--he's in jacksonville
With nev.
>> all right, awesome.
>> all right, cool.
I'll see you soon.
Bye.
I am not gonna keep the camera
In my hand for this, because I
Think that that's just gonna,
Like, be more intimidating for
Her, so I'm gonna hand it off.
I assume she's coming from that
Way.
I feel weird.
Wait, wait, wait, guys.
Guys, this could be it.
>> this could be her.
Hi.
>> hi.
>> hi, I'm max.
>> I'm brandy.
>> hey, brandy.
Nice to meet you.
>> nice to meet you.
>> you're not megan.
>> no.
>> okay, and you--
>> mostly everything was true,
Except for, like, my job and my
Pictures and my name.
Everything else, like, I've told
Him has been me.
>> how are you feeling?
>> really nervous.
I mean, like, I wanted to tell
Him several times, but I just
Don't know really how to, like,
Tell somebody that.
>> thank you, though, for--for
Doing this.
I know that definitely took a
Lot of guts.
Why do you have a profile online
That's of someone else entirely?
>> the whole reason I started it
Was, like, I was in a really,
Really bad relationship, and it
Was a really abusive
Relationship.
And some things happened, and...
Just completely, like, lost all
My self-esteem.
I guess I got, like, really
Depressed and just didn't want
To be myself anymore.
I just, like, kind of wanted to
Get away.
>> and that's when you started
Being megan?
>> yeah.
[sniffles]
>> things with jeff, how did
This basically start?
>> I was friends with one of his
Friends.
It was an accident.
I don't remember actually adding
Jeff.
>> do you want to have a
Relationship with him?
>> yeah, I mean, I care about
Him a lot.
He's one of the nicest people
I've ever met, ever.
I mean, like, he's so
Understanding about everything.
He's always there when you need
Him.
I mean, like, he's totally,
Like, a dependable person, and
That's kind of what I need,
Because I've been with such
Jerks in the past.
And, like, that's what I'm
Scared most about, is, like, him
Hating me.
>> mm-hmm.
>> I'm not expecting him to,
Like, get over it really fast,
But I'm just--that's, like, my
Biggest fear, is him just, like,
To hate me.
Like, I would understand,
Because I don't know if, like,
Somebody did it to me, like, if
I would understand, but...
>> because it would be like
The nicest person you know
Hating you.
>> yeah.
>> you know, I--I know what jeff
Wants.
You know what jeff wants right
Now.
He really just wants a chance to
Kind of sit down with you in
Person and see who you are and
How much of your story actually
Pertains to you and how much
You made up.
It's not necessarily gonna be
Easy...
>> no.
>> but I'd love to bring you on
A plane to jacksonville to meet
Jeff.
>> yeah, I'm not really sure.
I'm, like, so weirded out now.
>> I know, I know, it's crazy.
>> I mean, I want to.
I'm just really, like,
Terrified.
[sniffles]
>> well, you don't have to do it
Alone.
Jeff, even though he is confused
And doesn't know what to think,
Still cares about you.
>> when?
>> today.
>> really?
>> yeah.
I think it'll be like ripping
Off a band-aid if we just do it
Now.
>> he deserves to know.
I'll meet him.
>> yeah?
>> yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I'm ready to move
On from all this.
[sniffles]
I think it's time.
>> it's gonna be okay.
>> thank you.
>> thank you for kind of being
Honest and coming out.
If you want to go and pack a
Bag, we can come back around and
Pick you up.
>> okay.
>> is that cool?
>> that's fine.
>> if I--if I let you go back
And I come back around, are you
Gonna--are you--
>> I'll come back.
>> okay.
>> yeah, I'll come back.
>> can we shake on that?
>> yeah.
>> okay, cool.
[phone rings]
>> oh, here's max.
Talk to us.
What do you got?
Okay.
>> how the hell did you pull
That off?
I don't want to tell you too
Much, because there's a--she
Kind of wants to come clean
Herself to jeff.
>> okay.
>> wow.
>> both: Okay.
>> nice work, max.
[phone beeps]
>> I'm a little nervous,
A little anxious.
You know, I got a lot of stuff
To think about in a short amount
Of time.
>> yeah.
>> ♪ gave you a minute
♪ when you needed an hour
>> after you.
You ready?
>> as ready as I'll ever be.
>> jacksonville, here we come.
>> ♪ all the bridges
♪ burning all the bridges now
>> ♪ and we're burning ♪
♪ all the bridges
>> she might very well be the
Nice sort of caring person that
You know.
>> yeah, and then we can see
Where things go from there.
Hope for the best, plan for the
Worst, I guess.
>> ♪ 'cause this is all ♪
>> there she is.
You look great.
>> thank you.
>> good morning.
>> are you ready for this?
>> I'm ready.
>> let's go.
How you feeling?
>> really, really nervous.
>> you're gonna do fine, okay?
>> okay.
[dog barking]
>> hey, are you cold?
Let's give her that jacket.
I hear footsteps.
Okay, there they are.
Jeff, this is brandy.
>> hi.
>> like, I had suspicions when I
Went to texas and you never
Showed up.
>> I know.
It would have been a lot easier
Then, but, I mean, I didn't want
To hurt you, like...
>> I don't know what to
Understand is real or not.
>> I'm not a nurse.
I work at a dispatch center.
When I made her, I guess I was
Just--I wanted to be
Successful, like a nurse.
But I'm really 24.
I'll be 25 tomorrow.
I live with my mom right now in
An apartment, and I have, you
Know, the dogs.
>> you got to realize, like, how
Hurtful.
I was telling you everything
Because I trusted you so much.
>> I understand it.
I mean, I don't expect you to,
Like, forgive me or anything.
I mean, I'm really sorry.
I mean, like, the reason why I
Started it was it was just like
A way to, like, escape and,
Like, not have to deal with
Things I was dealing with.
I was in a really, really bad
Relationship.
It was really, like, abusive,
And, like, a lot of stuff
Happened towards the end,
Like I told you.
>> yeah.
>> I just got really depressed,
And, I mean, I don't remember
Why I started it or, like, when
I started it or whatever.
Whenever all that stuff
Happened, like, I just felt,
Like, completely worthless and
Just...
It just felt better to, like,
Not be me.
I was embarrassed, because
Everybody kept telling me, you
Know, he's not good for you and
All that stuff, and, you know,
It's like...
Like a little part of me thought
That maybe, like, nobody would
Believe me if I said something
Or, like, people would, like,
Judge me.
I don't know.
Like, I just felt like it was
My fault.
The reason why I kept talking to
You, I mean, like, you're not
Like a lot of other guys.
You're a lot more understanding.
That's why it was so hard to
Tell you, because I was scared
Of, like, losing you, not
Having you in my life.
>> I'm still here.
>> is jeff the kind of guy that
You're looking for or...
>> yeah, I mean, like--
>> for a relationship, or is he
The kind of guy--
>> I've always been with, like,
Total jerks all the time and,
Like, guys that make me feel
Like crap.
And he's not like that.
I want you to get to know me.
>> mm-hmm.
>> like, I don't want either one
Of us to get hurt again.
>> there's nowhere to go now
Except for forward.
Maybe there's something we can
Do to talk tomorrow.
>> I feel like we're in a good
Place.
Tomorrow is another opportunity
For you guys to sit down and
Talk to each other.
>> all right.
>> good to meet you.
>> nice to meet you.
>> um, I don't know.
Hug, whatever?
>> we'll see you guys later.
>> bye.
>> see you, max.
>> bye, jeff.
>> bye.
>> ♪ ain't made up ♪
♪ your mind yet
>> you got through it.
>> I know he still has questions
And stuff, but, like, I'm
Willing to answer anything he
Wants to know.
>> how was that for you?
>> like she said, she never
Meant to hurt anybody.
She never--she was trying to get
Away from the bad things in her
Life, not push bad things onto
Others.
>> you did a really nice job.
>> [sighs]
>> hopefully we can, like, see
What's down the road.
>> ♪ have you been waiting
♪ on some
>> figure it out.
>> ♪ revelation
>> this episode of catfish: The
Tv show continues now.
>> happy birthday!
>> all: Hey!
>> happy birthday.
>> how are you feeling?
25.
>> yeah.
>> do you have a wish?
>> I don't know.
Have a happier year.
>> I guess last year was a
Transformative, difficult year.
>> it sounds like you've kind of
Been on the road to recovery for
A little bit, coming clean.
You got to deactivate that
Profile.
>> I'm ready to, like, put it
Behind me and just move forward.
>> so here you go.
Sign in.
>> all right, well, let's kill
That account.
Wow.
I mean, it's kind of a perfect
Day.
It's your 25th birthday, new
Year, and you no longer have
Megan's crutch to help you feel
Better about yourself.
Now it's all on you.
You think you can handle it?
>> [laughs]
>> you just gave yourself your
First official birthday gift.
Nicely done.
Let's head over to jeff's.
You can start 25 fresh.
>> ♪ I see a world
♪ a world turning in
♪ on itself
♪ are we just like
♪ hungry wolves traveling
♪ in the night?
♪ I don't want ♪
♪ no music tonight
[knocks]
>> hey.
>> hey, guys.
Happy birthday.
>> thank you.
Thank you.
>> what'd you say?
>> I said she looks pretty.
>> both: Oh.
>> yeah.
>> go.
>> there he goes!
Hey.
>> hi.
>> oh, look, she likes you right
Away.
>> hi.
>> oh, look at this.
They're fast friends.
All right, so you guys hang out
For a little bit.
Max and I are going to go.
Enjoy this little bit of time
That you have.
>> see you in a bit.
I hope that he can get his head
Around this, because he should.
>> she's great.
>> I just want you to know that,
Like, I'm really, really sorry
For everything I did.
I know, like, what I did was
Really horrible, and I get it.
And, you know, it really eats
Me up when I think about what I
Did.
Like, it makes me sick thinking
About it, because I just want
You to know that I care about
You a lot.
I hope you really do give me,
Like, a chance to prove that I
Can, like, make things right.
>> [clears throat]
You have a thousand good
Qualities.
I don't even know why you had to
Hide them.
But obviously it helped you cope
With it, so I don't believe
That, like, you meant to try to
Hurt anybody.
I just--it's gonna be a little
Bit of a challenge to pursue
Things.
>> I mean, I get that.
I mean, I just want you to know
That I just--I don't--I don't
Want to lose you, like, at all.
>> I still think you're an
Amazing girl.
I'm really glad you opened up to
Me and you came out here to see
Me.
I still feel like--like I know
You pretty well.
I like you.
You're incredibly attractive,
Sweet, kind.
I mean, I'm glad I got to meet
You finally.
>> me too.
>> I could see this going on
As--then becoming something
More.
I'm gonna miss you now that
You're not gonna be here,
Now that I finally met you.
>> I'm glad.
That's a relief.
>> [laughs]
>> hey, guys.
How's it going?
>> good.
It was pretty relaxing to
Actually get time to sit down
And just talk to each other.
>> there's already sort of,
Like, a closeness and a warmth
Between you guys that yesterday
Obviously wasn't quite there
Yet.
>> both: Yeah.
>> I'm excited to see what
Happens.
>> why don't we get a picture?
>> yeah.
We'll all salute.
>> [laughs]
>> nice to meet you.
>> it was great to meet you.
>> all right.
[laughs]
Bye.
>> bye, brandy.
Keep those planes safe.
>> you handled this really well.
>> thanks.
I don't expect anything to
Happen overnight, but I do hope
That something happens.
I feel a lot better.
[computer ringing]
>> jeff.
>> yo.
>> hey, dude.
How is brandy?
>> I still want to talk to her.
I still want to be with her.
But I've been kind of, like,
Hesitant to try to, like, pursue
An actual relationship, because
In seven days, I go to--overseas
Again.
>> I know, it's hard moving
Around all the time, but
Hopefully you and brandy can
Figure something out.
>> I want to.
>> all right, man.
Good luck with everything.
Be safe overseas.
>> all right, guys, bye.
>> see you, man.
[computer rings]
>> all: Hey.
>> hi.
>> how have things been with you
And jeff?
>> I mean, I want a relationship
With him, but he leaves in,
Like, a week, so I don't know
What's gonna happen.
But I've been going to
Counseling.
It's made it easier, like,
Dealing with everything now.
>> that's such a big step that
You actually went and did that
When the show ended.
I'm proud of you.
>> I'm kind of proud of myself
Too, because it was hard to kind
Of admit that I needed help.
I'm glad I went on this show and
Decided to do it, because, I
Mean, if I wouldn't have, I--
I don't know where I'd be right
Now.
>> you seem to be in a really
Good place, so we're happy to
See that.
>> thank you guys for
Everything.
>> bye.
>> I've been talking to a girl
Named brogan.
>> is it okay if we bring a
Supermodel on this episode?
>> that'd be cool, yeah.
>> let's do this.
>> I never found anyone I had
That much in common with.
>> so she's just, like, perfect?
>> except for the fact that she
Dropped off the face of the
Planet.
>> who is the person that bianca
Has been talking to on the
Phone?
>> is that her?
>> oh, my god.
>> it all could just be a lie.